Yeeeeeah . . . These notes might make no sense. Just a warning.

- inside our specials (in each ship class) make it so that it
  updates the spots shot at as either an explosion
  or white dot.

- Changed Sunk to Equipment since we needed to access that, 
  but cannot access it since it's under ship and not equipment
  (We're trying to access that through the board)

ownedBy in Equipment
 - We are going to assume that "true" means it is ownedBy the user
   and "false" means it is ownedBy the computer.

I haven't done anything for when the ship has been sunk (as in 
remove the abilities button from the screen)


Once the game starts, a pop up with two places to enter an 
answer and it will say “Enter the location you want to place 
your Aircraft carrier and its direction.” The user enters 
that information, the grid gets updated, and more pop ups pop 
up asking the user to place the other ships. 




Naomi's Changes / Comments / Notes:
- When the specials have already been completely used or
  if the ship has been shot down, what should we do? 
   - WE SHOULD REMOVE THE BUTTON because if they shoot down 
     the ship or if the abilities have been complete used, 
     we don't want that ship's ability to still be shown.

- If the ship gets shot down, remember to make the number
  of abilities that are able to be used equal zero
   - should we make a function where if the ship has been
     completely shot down, make the num of abilities = 0?

- In the GUI, when we're about to place the ability buttons
  we should probably have an if statement that checks whether
  that ship is not shot down and has abilities left

- In the GUI, when a ship / spot has been hit, it needs to 
  update that spot either to a flame or a white dot. 
  So should we check that? Kinda like "okay so you told me to
  hit these coordinates. Now i'm going to see what those 
  coordinates are set to (whether there was a ship there and it's
  hit, or whether it was an empty space and it's not hit)

